Who are you, and what do you need to know to follow this course?
Well, this is a Java course,
so you need to have at least a fair knowledge of the Java
language and its main API from the JDK.
You need to be able to write classes, to create a main class,
this kind of thing.
We are going to use annotations in the example codes we are going to write.
So if you have a small knowledge of annotation, it's okay.
It's fine.
But if you do not,
then we will cover just the basic things you need to know to understand that.
And since this is a fundamental course,
we will really go from the very beginning of the Reflection API all the way to the top up to the method handles and VarHandles.